documentation updates (#280)
openvinotoolkit/docker_ci: docs/accelerators.md

# Using OpenVINO™ Toolkit containers with GPU accelerators

Containers can be used to execute inference operations with GPU acceleration.

There are the following prerequisites:

- Use the Linux kernel with GPU models supported by you integrated GPU or discrete GPU. Check the documetnation on https://dgpu-docs.intel.com/driver/kernel-driver-types.html. 
On Linux host, confirm if there is available a character device /dev/dri

- On Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL2) refere to the guidelines on https://docs.openvino.ai/nightly/openvino_docs_install_guides_configurations_for_intel_gpu.html# 

> Note, that on WLS2, there muse be present a character device `/dev/drx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, that on WLS2, there must be present a character device `/dev/drx`.
```

- Docker image for the container must include GPU runtime drivers like described on https://docs.openvino.ai/nightly/openvino_docs_install_guides_configurations_for_intel_gpu.html# 

> While the host and preconfigured and docker engine is up and running, use the following docker parameters while starting the container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the host and preconfigured docker engine is up and running, use the following docker parameters while starting the container:
```

> 

Reviewer: Missing parameters

## Linux

> The command below should report both CPU and GPU device available for inference execution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command below should report both CPU and GPU devices available for inference execution:
```

```

> export IMAGE=openvino/ubuntu20_dev:2023.0.0

Reviewer: Will it be 2023.0.0 or 2023.0?

docker run -it --device /dev/dri --group-add=$(stat -c \"%g\" /dev/dri/render* ) $IMAGE ./samples/cpp/samples_bin/hello_query_device
```

> `--device /dev/dri` - it passed the GPU device to the container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--device /dev/dri` - it passes the GPU device to the container
```

> `--group-add` - it adds a security context to the container command with permisssion to use the GPU device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--group-add` - it adds a security context to the container command with permission to use the GPU device
```

## Windows Subsystem for Linux

> On WSL2, the command starting the container is like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On WSL2, use the command to start the container:
```

```
export IMAGE=openvino/ubuntu20_dev:2023.0.0
docker run -it --device=/dev/dxg -v /usr/lib/wsl:/usr/lib/wsl $IMAGE ./samples/cpp/samples_bin/hello_query_device
```

> `--device /dev/dri` - it passed the virtual GPU device to the container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--device /dev/dri` - it passes the virtual GPU device to the container
```

> `-v /usr/lib/wsl:/usr/lib/wsl` - it mount in the container required wsl libs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-v /usr/lib/wsl:/usr/lib/wsl` - it mounts required WSL libs into the cointainer
```

## Usage example:

> Run the benchmark all using GPU accelerator with a OV::RemoteTensor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the benchmark app using GPU accelerator with `-use_device_mem` param showcasing inference without copy between CPU and GPU memory
```

Note, that on WLS2, there must be present a character device `/dev/drx`.

- Docker image for the container must include GPU runtime drivers like described on https://docs.openvino.ai/nightly/openvino_docs_install_guides_configurations_for_intel_gpu.html# 

While the host and preconfigured docker engine is up and running, use the following docker parameters while starting the container:

## Linux

The command below should report both CPU and GPU devices available for inference execution:
```
export IMAGE=openvino/ubuntu20_dev:2023.0.0
docker run -it --device /dev/dri --group-add=$(stat -c \"%g\" /dev/dri/render* ) $IMAGE ./samples/cpp/samples_bin/hello_query_device
```

`--device /dev/dri` - it passes the GPU device to the container
`--group-add` - it adds a security context to the container command with permission to use the GPU device

## Windows Subsystem for Linux

On WSL2, use the command to start the container:

```
export IMAGE=openvino/ubuntu20_dev:2023.0.0
docker run -it --device=/dev/dxg -v /usr/lib/wsl:/usr/lib/wsl $IMAGE ./samples/cpp/samples_bin/hello_query_device
```
`--device /dev/dri` - it passes the virtual GPU device to the container

> `-v /usr/lib/wsl:/usr/lib/wsl` - it mounts required WSL libs into the cointainer

Reviewer: cointaner -> container
